feat: add azure zone list cache (#4811)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: docs/tutorials/azure.md

NOTE: make sure the pod is restarted whenever you make a configuration change.

## Throttling

> If the ExternalDNS managed zones list doesn't change frequently, set `--azure-zones-cache-duration` (zones list cache time-to-live) to a larger value. Note that zones list cache can be disabled with `--azure-zones-cache-duration=0s`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the ExternalDNS managed zones list doesn't change frequently, one can set `--azure-zones-cache-duration` (zones list cache time-to-live). The zones list cache is disabled by default, with a value of 0s.
```
